added solutions for solving 'existing reference' errors while trying to reap (#2032)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-balance-transfers.md

Note that even if the transfer fails due to a keep-alive check, the transaction fee will be deducted
from the sending account if you attempt to transfer.

### Existing Reference Error

<!-- These will be useful for future updates to this section: -->
<!-- https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io/issues/965 -->
<!-- https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/issues/1101 -->

If you are trying to reap an account and you recieve an error similar to "There is an existing
reference count on the sender account. As such the account cannot be reaped from the state", then
you have existing references to this account that must first be removed before it can be reaped.
References may still exist from:

- Bonded tokens (most likely)
- Unpurged session keys (if you were prevously a validator)

> - Token Locks

Reviewer: My OCD is going haywire over some words being uppercase and others lowercase

- Existing recovery info
- Existing Assets

#### Bonded Tokens

If you have tokens that are bonded, you will need to unbond them before you can reap your account.
Follow the instructions at [Unbonding and Rebonding](#maintain-guides-how-to-unbond) to check if you
have bonded tokens, stop nominating (if necessary) and unbond your tokens.

#### Purging Session Keys

If you used this account to setup a validator and you did not purge your keys before unbonding your
tokens, you need to purge your keys. You can do this by seeing the
[How to Stop Validating](#maintain-guides-how-to-stop-validating) page. This can also be checked by
checking `session.nextKeys` in the chain state for an existing key.

#### Checking for Locks

> You can check for locks by navigating to `Accounts > Accounts` in

Reviewer: I would add Chain State check here, so people don't rely entirely on the Accounts screenI for this.

[PolkadotJS Apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/). Then, click the dropdown arrow of the relevant
account under the 'balances' colum. If it shows that some tokens are in a 'locked' state, you can
see why by hovering over the information icon next to it.

> #### Existing Recovery Info

Reviewer: I would add this section into a Kusama conditional rendering block and mirror it, so we have the same thing over on Kusama's guide.

Author: I don't even see a 'balance transfer' page on Kusama's guide. Do you want to mirror this whole page or is there a way to mirror just this section?

Reviewer: Let's mirror the page, yeah

from the sending account if you attempt to transfer.

### Existing Reference Error

<!-- These will be useful for future updates to this section: -->
<!-- https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io/issues/965 -->
<!-- https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/issues/1101 -->

If you are trying to reap an account and you recieve an error similar to "There is an existing
reference count on the sender account. As such the account cannot be reaped from the state", then
you have existing references to this account that must first be removed before it can be reaped.
References may still exist from:

- Bonded tokens (most likely)
- Unpurged session keys (if you were prevously a validator)
- Token locks
- Existing recovery info
- Existing assets

#### Bonded Tokens

If you have tokens that are bonded, you will need to unbond them before you can reap your account.
Follow the instructions at [Unbonding and Rebonding](#maintain-guides-how-to-unbond) to check if you
have bonded tokens, stop nominating (if necessary) and unbond your tokens.

#### Purging Session Keys

> If you used this account to setup a validator and you did not purge your keys before unbonding your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you used this account to set up a validator and you did not purge your keys before unbonding your
```

tokens, you need to purge your keys. You can do this by seeing the
[How to Stop Validating](#maintain-guides-how-to-stop-validating) page. This can also be checked by
checking `session.nextKeys` in the chain state for an existing key.

#### Checking for Locks

You can check for locks by querying `system.account(AccountId)` under `Developer > Chain state`.
Select your account, then click the "+" button next to the dropdowns, and check the relative `data`
JSON object. If you see a non-zero value for anything other than `free`, you have locks on your
account that need to get resolved.

You can also check for locks by navigating to `Accounts > Accounts` in
[PolkadotJS Apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/). Then, click the dropdown arrow of the relevant
account under the 'balances' column. If it shows that some tokens are in a 'locked' state, you can
see why by hovering over the information icon next to it.

#### Existing Recovery Info

{{ polkadot: Currently, Polkadot does not use the
[Recovery Pallet](https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/runtime/frame#recovery), so this is
probably not why your tokens have existing references. :polkadot}}

> {{ kusama: On Kusama, you can check if recovery has been setup by checking the `recovery.recoverable(AccountId)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ kusama: On Kusama, you can check if recovery has been set up by checking the `recovery.recoverable(AccountId)`
```

chain state. This can be found under `Developer > Chain state` in [PolkadotJS Apps][polkadot-js apps]. :kusama}}

> #### Existing Non-DOT Assets

Reviewer: Conditional or make more generic, as it will appear in Kusama guide as DOT / Polkadot.
